flat tire
Michelangelo
Alfred Hitchcock
Japan
Cindy Crawford
Chinatown
carnival workers
grave robbers
amputations
crawl space
bad haircut
gym teachers
a cheap motel
Cary Grant
UV rays
choir boys
killer whales
gravity
bull fight
leaf blowers
kilts
a honeymoon
money
my parents' house
AIDS
Albert Einstein
falling down
Michele Pfeifer
Microsoft
stun guns
Helen Keller
Australian outback
Keanu Reeves
magic tricks
Sunday drivers
Norman Rockwell
chorus girls
alien abductions
hairballs
a morgue
clowns
Joan of Arc
the sunrise
a schoolbus
conspiracy theories
John F Kennedy
Casablanca
a locker room
lollipops
Mahatma Gandhi
family reunions
apple pie
a full moon
chains
hockey
baby showers
log cabins
Count Dracula
ninjas
Claude Monet
Hawaii
cockroaches
morticians
a treehouse
Hillary Rodham Clinton
commuting
Confucius
HMOs
tree huggers
pond scum
Nobel Peace Prize
remote controls
hair transplants
a car crash
chain letters
chickens
playing chess
Cinco de Mayo
Americans
Jodie Foster
Clint Eastwood
homeless shelters
a high school bathroom
Muhammad Ali
Hiroshima - 1945
Katharine Hepburn
Hollywood
William Shakespeare
freedom
Japanese
musicals
my sixteenth birthday
poison ivy
King Arthur
Cleopatra
Challenger explosion
corn on the cob
Backstreet Boys
babies
the universe
cholesterol
school cafeteria
caffeine
cold pizza
Adam Sandler
Babe Ruth
Corvettes
Abraham Lincoln
computers
airline food
Clark Gable
a haunted house
mold
having an operation
hangnails
apples
having a baby
Adolf Hitler
China
The Titanic
The Vietnam Memorial
Greenpeace
a dozen red roses
jelly beans
angry hornets
coconuts
leather
a sunset
chimpanzees
computer hackers
construction workers
Regis Philbin
Andy Warhol
cleaning the bathroom
assembly lines
a nine iron
communists
Atlantis
Jupiter
a used car lot
bad dogs
freckles
Russia
leeches
armed robbery
local police
Al Pacino
truck stops
The Wright Brothers
oral surgery
toys
Quentin Tarantino
the 1970s
Swiss chocolate
Homphrey Bogart
icebergs
black velvet
wine tasting
bottled water
boxing
Paris
The Land of Oz
Israel
men
mud
Demi Moore
horseback riding
Bill Clinton
birdwatching
Jacques Cousteau
bonbons
loan sharks
lobster
root beer floats
toes
Mexico
sailors
Jennifer Lopez
cheesecake
milk
Cher
Steve Martin
Cesar Ch√°vez
Saddam Hussein
meatloaf
pushups
Shania Twain
water beds
Fidel Castro
car horns
winning the lottery
big bang theory
brain surgeons
X-ray vision
freshwater pearls
Samuel L. Jackson
the dump
the end of the world
plane crashes
The Grand Canyon
the pyramids
The Renaissance
mudslides
handcuffs
Attack on Pearl Harbor
Industrial Revolution
Will Smith
Men in Black
Nicholas Cage
giving a hug
Barney
spit
camping trips
mirrors
sports channels
republicans
NYPD
Prince Charming
telemarketers
Frank Lloyd Wright
The 1960s
pigeons
Rush Limbaugh
bongos
my refrigerator
my mind
Los Angeles
cults
bombs
exorcism
vampires
the CIA
Gila monsters
Mel Gibson
Starry Night
houseguests
high school reunions
bagpipes
lightning
women's soccer
New York City
Lucille Ball
machine guns
The Cold War
barbed wire
The Marx Brothers
South Park
Danny DeVito
Batman
the first day of school
silk
Jesse Ventura
Tibet
pro wrestling
trailer parks
reading a book
bungee jumping
surfing the net
boyfriends
television
Salvador Dali
The 21st century
fur
fuzz
the everglades
in a coma
mardi gras
earthquakes
spam
Italy
Waco, Texas
Jack Nicholson
Darth Vader
gossip
hot lava
Bill Murray
blood
body odor
losing your job
bald eagles
Mike Tyson
The Midwest
motorcycles
The Milky Way
John Phillip Sousa
spontaneous combustion
Milk Duds
wind surfing
gall bladder
Tiger Woods
oxygen
firestorms
Thanksgiving Day
taking a bath
pulling weeds
my future
inside the sun
hummingbirds
strawberry shortcake
brains
The Beatles
paying bills
General George S. Patton
skiing
secret societies
David Letterman
Anne Frank
Beethoven
Democrats
beets
Ben Stiller
high school football
Bill Gates
bingo
homework
Detroit
Whoopi Goldberg
Madame Curie
women
wood chippers
electric eels
electricity
ballerinas
caves
goldfish
science fair projects
The San Andreas Fault
silly putty
sport utility vehicles
going to church
rust
The Vatican
Pablo Picasso
oranges
tidal waves
violins
Tom Hanks
rubber gloves
quicksand
getting a hug
sharks
ghost towns
Disneyland
divorce
postal workers
Death Valley
New Orleans
King Henry VIII
London
Walt Disney
George W. Bush
George Washington
ginseng
skunks
snakes
Anthony Hopkins
whips
driving off a cliff
big business
Eleanor Roosevelt
salads
going to the gym
South Africa
bankruptcy
Stephen King
Jimmy Stewart
poodles
Manhattan
rock concert
Big Macs
bubbles
black holes
Swiss cheese
Stonehenge
stunt people
olive oil
science fiction
the far left
duct tape
going to the dentist
Grace Kelly
VW Beetles
The NY Yankees
Judge Judy
outlet malls
Denzel Washington
being in love
Indiana Jones
feathers
earwigs
board games
my personality
Bruce Willis
glaciers
Miles Davis
Crazy Horse
bubble gum
Beauty and the Beast
Schindler's List
six pack
Cuba
Pokemon
Oprah Winfrey
psychics
fireworks
worms
4th of July
The 1950s
ragweed
Michael Jordan
Bullwinkle
rolling the car
Jamaica
Bigfoot
boy scouts
summer camp
Steven Spielberg
recreational vehicles
The 1980s
the beach
video games
The Eiffel Tower
Elizabeth Taylor
Goldie Hawn
watermelons
The Rolling Stones
Emily Dickinson
Dolly Parton
Homer Simpson
fly fishing
The Three Tenors
Dr. Kevorkian
Rosa Parks
the mafia
social security
salsa dancing
the ocean
mosquitos
chameleons
cactus
The Indy 500
The Williams Sisters
nuclear power plants
noisy neighbors
meat cleavers
Michael Jackson
picking your nose
James Dean
buying a house
looking for a job
Puff Daddy
blizzard
my hair
Brad Pitt
Fort Knox
lemons
Swiss bank accounts
knock-knock jokes
funerals
Garth Brooks
geishas
paying taxes
The Great Chicago Fire
whipped cream
plastic
going to school
incense
The Smithsonian Institution
graffiti
dating
junk mail
Austin Powers
baked beans
hooligans
my family
The Supreme Court
Las Vegas
The YMCA
Rosie O'Donnell
snow
sleeping pills
The Dallas Cowboys
Bates Motel
gold chains
skateboarding
Beanie Babies
Saturday cartoons
gang members
rocket scientists
pyromaniacs
top of a roller coaster
shopping malls
roadkill
discovering America
audit
feminists
forest fires
Britney Spears
Richard Nixon
eyes
witch hunts
my boss
Custer's Last Stand
my bedroom
power tools
Porsche Boxster
The Academy Awards
online shopping
fundraising
the electric chair
pitbulls
United Nations
The Little Mermaid
speeding tickets
MTV
weddings
bellbottoms
Flipper
redwood forests
thunder
Niagara Falls
baking cookies
John Glenn
Mount Rushmore
creamed corn
Tyrannosaurus Rex
popcorn
Martin Luther King, Jr.
firefighters
Vietnam - 1968
Princess Di
Vincent Van Gogh
pirates
NASCAR
festering wounds
my love life
Romeo and Juliet
stubbed toes
Ireland
X-rays
my job
my bathroom
labor unions
screeching
vacation
star fruit
hand grenades
Jack the Ripper
east coast
The Super Bowl
my neighborhood
marriage
Thomas Edison
Robin Williams
Tom Cruise
skydiving
country music
The IRS
cow-pies
The Metric System
The JFK Assassination
spilled milk
glazed donuts
Celine Dion
bats
Jim Carrey
chicken pox
supermodels
toates marshmallows
parenting
penguins
tornadoes
Carl Sagan
Neil Simon
Leonardo da Vinci
sushi
my body
my dreams
oil spills
warts
watching football
Sean Connery
The Grateful Dead
The Godfather
sloppy joes
Meg Ryan
email
hiccups
atomic bombs
fast food
my first kiss
diamonds
reggae music
Dr. Seuss
zucchini
mid-life crisis
casinos
slivers
John Travolta
dark alleys
ticks
teachers
trampolines
rainbows
deer hunting
pumping iron
telling the truth
Captain Kirk
The 1920s
intellectuals
red raspberries
Victorian England
genetic engineering
wheat
underwear
India
The National Enquirer
doctors
baked potatoes
my friends
Robert De Niro
The Internet
Jesse Jackson
Bart Simpson
The FBI
The Old Man and the Sea
charging rhinos
The Olympics
The Mississippi River
Chicago
The Pentagon
Superman
Wimbledon
Woodstock
Garrison Keillor
Rocky Mountains
public radio
mice
piranha
televangelists
Roman numberals
cabbage
Canadians
daytime TV
Canada
Napoleon Bonaparte
recycling
The French Riviera
giant squid
The Great Depression
grass skirts
spiders
Julia Roberts
Ernest Hemingway
family values
doing the dishes
first man on the moon
Jackie Chan
lawyers
discos
Meryl Streep
girlfriends
the far right
scene of the crime
Danielle Steele
Bangkok
the opera
Barbara Walters
The Statue of Liberty
French wines
psychiatrists
talk radio
Saturn
Woody Allen
toasters
Georgia O'Keefe
Frank Sinatra
my high school prom
Lenin's Tomb
Yellowston Park
Europe
friction
San Francisco
Ginko trees
bounty hunters
earwax
The NRA
golf-ball-sized hail
infomercials
body piercing
body surfing
rednecks
Large Mouth Bass
mad cow disease
Madonna
my past
rock and roll
Martha Stewart
zen
castles
Jerry Springer
socks
soy sauce
beer bellies
The Green Bay Packers
The Gulf War
global warming
The South
beach parties
family vacations
scavenger hunts
water parks
pigs
running a marathon
waterfalls
rain
road trips
new shoes
James Bond
bumper stickers
my bank account
flying monkeys
rappers
ghosts
Wheel of Fortune
going to grandma's
Mark Twain
elephants
Elvis Presley
Wall Street
state fairs
Halloween
Antarctica
Berlin - 1945
billboards
Eddie Murphy
Mars
Broadway
the common loon
barfing
Spike Lee
California
steak and potatoes
the ozone layer
cell phones
crystal balls